What are you still angry about?
So stingy
Then come to Wantong Commercial Street later.
The house and the car are returned to you.
Make an appointment
OK
Torture him again
You play him like this
He could be your ATM someday
He was drained.
Besides, without his trash
And Fei Ge, do you support me?
I'll take care of you
I'd like to see what tricks you play
Why is he looking for you?
Who are you? You have to listen to me.
He's not a kid
Ignore him, he's not a good guy, you are
He asked me to go to Vantone
Do you want to come together?
Ok go go go go go
What are you gonna do with the simp?
This is going to give him the garage back
What he gave me is mine
Why should I pay him back?
As for how to play him
You'll find out later
Lin Siyu